Album EPUB Studio is the perfect solution to save your precious photo memories as EPUB eBooks, not only the quality of the photos is not damaged, but also ensure the files can be opened normally after decades. However, the photo resolutions of phones and cameras are very high, so the sizes of EPUB files are often hundreds of MB or even GB. When the user want to find some photos, he need to decompress EPUB files one by one, which is very time-consuming. It would be great if there is a software that can quickly open an album file by decompressing only the small necessary part of the file while reading it. Also, when the user is looking for photos, it can do cross-file searching between multiple EPUB albums. That is what Album EPUB Browser does.

This software only reads *.abum.epub files created by Album EPUB Studio which has already organized the album information, photo dates and locations into a specific structure. It makes Album EPUB Browser possible to find the required information without unzipping and scanning the whole album file. Album EPUB Browser has three main functions: first, it lists the cover, title, author, dates and other information of *.album.epub files in the specified directory without decompressing them. In advance, it also sorts the albums for the user to find files; second, after the user can quickly read the contents of the an album and retrieve the original photo images; third, by inputting a date range and some keyword, the software can directly search photos in the album EPUB files in the specified directory, and you can view and download the photos directly from the search results, or read the album chapters where the photos are found.

Due to the advancement of cellphones, many people take a lot of photos daily, and they upload the photos to social web sites for sharing. However, not all photos are suitable to be shared over Internet. Album EPUB Studio provides the function of creating offline album files, and Album EPUB Browser provides the function of reading and searching rapidly in these album files. If you share album EPUB files with friends and relatives, you can also recommend them to read the albums with Album EPUB Browser.
